hi guys I recently brought the lens
onggi lens turbo for my next six to use
with my nikon lenses and i wanted to do
a little experiment on on comparing the
the Nikon Nikkor 50 mil lens with the
Sony zoom lens 50 millimeters I've done
some test shots keeping all the camera
settings the same for both lenses and
keeping the tripod set at the same
position it's it's not really a test on
the lens turbo because that wouldn't be
fair because I haven't got I haven't got
the equipment to use the same lens but
it'll be interested in see differences
which is better and how much more you
can fit in the frame using a lens turbo
at 50 millimetres so any questions feel
free to message me and hope you're
finally useful
you